Updated CONTRIBUTING.MD (#6967)
jupyterlab/jupyterlab: README.md

We encourage you to ask questions on the [Discourse forum](https://discourse.jupyter.org/c/jupyterlab). A question answered there can become a useful resource for others.

> Please use the [GitHub issues page](https://github.com/jupyterlab/jupyterlab/issues) to provide feedback or submit a bug report. In an effort to keep up with lots of feedback, '@lock[bot]' may lock an issue that isn't fully resolved. If this happened to an issue important to you please open a new issue referencing the locked issue to update the community.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please use the [GitHub issues page](https://github.com/jupyterlab/jupyterlab/issues) to provide feedback or submit a bug report. To keep resolved issues self-contained, a bot will lock closed issues as resolved after a period of inactivity. If related discussion is still needed after an issue is locked, please open a new issue and reference the old issue.
```

Author: Looks good to me.
